test pilot Tuck Pendelton wants to make
history supermarket clerk jack putter
needs a vacation
I'm Jerry of late that's not good you
know it's coupon day lieutenant
Pendelton is about to be miniaturized
placed into this needle and then
injected into this rabbits rock'n'roll
but something went wrong and tucks about
to get a new destination inside jack
putter
oh I'm death
no Jack's got twice the problems are you
- but he's double the man with tuck on
his side kicking more cows in his gut
and on his case you're not gonna back go
straight all your life are you jack and
only 24 hours left for Jack to get out
of danger so that tuck can get out of
Jack dennis quaid Martin Short give
yourself a shot of adventure Innerspace